guide: update COW link note (#4144)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/user-guide/overview.md

> \* ([copy-on-write](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Copy-on-write)) links or
> **reflinks** are a type of file linking available in UNIX-style file systems.

Author: ```suggestion
```

> Unlike hard links or symlinks, these file entries are only loosely connected to
> the original content. This means that editing reflinks is always safe, as the
> original <abbr>cached</abbr> data will remain unchanged.

Author: ```suggestion
\* ([copy-on-write](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Copy-on-write)) links or
**reflinks** are a type of file linking available in modern file systems. Unlike
hard links or symlinks, editing reflinks is always safe, as the original
<abbr>cached</abbr> data will remain unchanged.
```
